---
layout: robot
year: 2022
robotName: We Havent Figured It Out Yet
game: Rapid React
thumbnail: /assets/2022/WeHaventFiguredItOutYet.jpg
metatitle: '2022 Robot: We Havent Figured It Out Yet'
metadesc: Rapid React Performance and Statistics
techBinder: /assets/2022/techBinder.pdf
matchVideoPlaylist: PLGO1K1mUB0_uE9HmOrGIQAoL-il9NORXo
published: true
---

After 2 seasons of no competitions and no in person meetings, We finally had a full and proper season, and the result of that season was, well we havent figured it out yet...

Yup thats right, We havent figured it out yet
We got to our first competition and hadnt named the robot yet, the announcer went to announce us and when there was nothing there he said, "...We havent figured it out yet" and that stuck!

As for the season, it was an incredible run! Starting the season as the 2nd pick at Waterbury, then working our way up to 1st pick at Central Mass, left us with just barely enough district points to qualify for the New England District Championship.  After qualifying we took the Titanium Division by storm, placing 4th and captaining the number 3 alliance.  During the elimination tournament it was upset after upset, resulting in 1 loss followed by 1 win with a second appearing to be in the bag, but then tragedy struck...  The match was replayed due to an unexpected field fault (original score 88 to 90 us in the lead), The replay was going well when all of a sudden during endgame, we fell off the High Bar resulting in a blue alliance win, 87 to 93, eliminating us from the tournament.  We thought this was the end for us, until we realized our district rank of 36, knowing the top 30 teams at the event go to Worlds and that plenty of teams would be forced to decline, we held our breath... and after an hour or so, it came running through the door clicking its heels.  We had done it, We were off to Houston (after some mild panic) and on our field we managed to perform just as well against an even tougher competition, resulting in us ranking 5 and captaining the 5th alliance, sending in our 3rd offensive bot pick for quarterfinals we were eliminated after a hard hit disconnected our partners Radio resulting in a 2v3 fight that we couldnt win.

Huge thanks to our alliance partners during the season!
Waterbury: 155 and 228
Central Mass: 716 and 811
NE DCMP Titanium Division: 228 and 663
CMP Newton Division: 4206, 1986 and 2412
